1.
answer: man -K
explanation: i got this by typing man man and scrolling
through list of commands and read their explanations

2.
answer: cp is located: /usr/local/cs/bin/cp
answer: wc is located: /usr/local/cs/bin/wc

explanation: I got this answer by typing: which cp
	       	   	       	  	  which wc
I learned about which under the "man which" page

3.
answer: find /usr/bin/ -name ? -executable
/usr/bin/[      ---binary expression evaluator
/usr/bin/w      ---shows who is logged in and what they are doing
/usr/bin/X      ---this starts the window server X

explanation: I figured this out by typing "man find" and
reading about the "-executable" option, the "-name" option,
and the "?" functionality. The above command effectively
searches for all executables that have on character names.
I found the descriptions
by using "man w" etc...

4.
answer: This symbolic link runs gcc, a c compiler.

explanation: I used readlink in order to discover that the
symbolic link runs gcc

5.
answer:The following letters select certain mode bits
for the affected users: rwxXst. The (s) functionality
in particular sets user of group ID on execution.
g-s takes away the (s) functionality from the group,
clearing the group id bits. In short,
it removes the permission the (s) gives.

explanation: i got this by typing: man chmod
then reading about (s)

6.
answer: find -mtime -3

explanation: I got this answer by using man find and then
reading about -mtime. The description included the
following, "File's data last modified n*24 hours ago.

7.
answer:I used the command
find -mtime -3 -type d
to find the directories modified in the last three days.

explanation: I got this answer by typing
find -mtime -3 -type d
to find all of the directories that had been modified
within the last three days. These commands such as -mtime
are in the emacs manual, under man find,
and were discussed in my lab section.

8.
answer:using the command
find /usr/bin/ -type l | wc
I found that there exists 231 symbolic links in the same
directory as find.

explanation:I found the above options by reading "man find"
and searching the emacs manual.
The "l" after type searches for symbolic links while
wc is word count.

9.
answer: I found this answer by using the command:
cd /usr/lib/
ls -lt
the oldest regular file is
sse2

explanation:I read the man page for ls to learn about
"l" and "t". The "l" flag list files in a long list
format while the "t" sorts the list according to the
time last modified with the newest on top.

10.
answer:locale gets its data from the LC_* environment
variables.

explanation: My ta Turker discussed this in my Thursday
lab section and it is included in the wednesday
powerpoint on ccle.I also read the man pages for locale. 

11.
answer: The commands that have sort in their names are
as follows:
You type M-x ... RET
(replace elipses with appropriate commands
below)

Buffer-menu-sort
sort-columns
sort-fields
sort-lines
sort-numeric-fields
sort-pages
sort-paragraphs
sort-regexp-fields
tabulated-list-col-sort
tabulated-list-sort

explanation:I found this answer by using Apropos.
I typed "C-h a" which allowed me to input the string
"sort" and proceeded to search for all the emacs
commands that contained "sort". I found out about
Apropos by searching in the emacs Help menu and
selecting "Apropos".

12.
answer:
C-a:Move cursor to the beginning of current line
C-b:Move cursor back one
C-c:This is not a simple, one character command
(it prompts for more ex.C-c-)
C-d:Delete character
C-e:Move cursor to end of current line
C-f:Move forward one charcter
C-g:Signal a 'quit' condition
C-h:This is not a simple, one character command
(it prompts for more ex.C-h-)
C-i:insert TAB
C-j:Insert a newline
C-k:Kill the rest of the current line but
if no nonblanks occur then kill thru newline
C-l:Move current buffer line to the specified
window line
C-m:Insert a newline, and move to left margin
of the new line if its blank
C-n:Move cursor vertically down
C-o:Insert a newline and leave cursor before it
C-p:Move cursor vertically up
C-q:Read next input character and insert it
C-r:Do incremental search backward
C-s:Search incremental forwards
C-t:Interchange characters around point,
(essentially swapping) moving forward one character
C-u:Begin a numeric argument for the following command
C-v:Scroll text in the window  up the arg lines,
or near full screen if no arg.
C-w:kill/cut text in a region. This
saves the text in the kill ring.
C-x:This is not a simple, one character command
(it prompts C-x-)
C-y:Paste a stretch of previously killed text
C-z:Do what had to be done in order
to suspend the current frame

explanation: I found out what these do by using C-h
or the help command which allows you to type "C-h" then
"k" for [key] and the C-[key]. This will tell you what
C-[key] does. I found this command in the emacs
manual on the "Help" page.

13.
answer: You can get rid of a partially typed out
command or numeric argument by quitting with "C-g".
"C-g" can also stop a command that is currently
running and does so in a relatively safe way.
It is safe cause if you were to quit in the middle
of lets say a kill command, your text will all
either be in the buffer or the all in the kill
ring or possibly both.Sometimes in the middle of
an incremetal search, you need to use two "C-g"
characters to leave the search.When "C-g"
is typed, the variable "quit-flag" is set to "t".
Furthermore, "C-g" is only executed as a command if
Emacs is waiting for input. In this
case the command that is run is "keyboard-quit".
"C-g" is used in order to cancel a command that
has not been typed all the way
within the recursive editing level.

explantion: I found all of this information in
the Quitting section in the Emacs manual.

14.
answer:Yanking means reinserting previosly
killed text. In order to copy or move some text,
common practice is to kill it and
then yank it somewhere else.

explantion:I found this answer by typing C-h r
in Emacs in order to access the Emacs manual.
Then I searched the "killing" section of the
manual and pressed enter on "yanking". This gave
me a description of yanking.
(emacs)Top > Killing > Yanking

15.
The ls -l command lists directories and files
with permissions, dates, and times. The emacs
dired command (C-x d) lists these same
directories and files with the addition of files
that begin with "." These files are often
configuration files that are not listed when
using ls -l. I discovered this difference
by running the ls -l command in linux and
comparing the resulting output to what I
obtained by running the dired
(C-x d) command in Emacs.
