Lab 3 Log:
first I scp the tarball into linux
scp /Users/danolaughlin/Downloads/coreutils-7.6.tar.gz olaughli@lnxsrv.seas.ucla.edu:~

I then untrarred the tarball by typing the following:
tar -zxvf coreutils-7.6.tar.gzcd

Then

cd coreutils-7.6

Once inside, i made a directory called coreutilsinstall:

mkdir coreutilsinstall

I then went changed into the coreutilsinstalldirectory and typed pwd in order
to obtain its path:

cd coreutilsinstall
pwd

I then went back to the previous directory and configured the installation
into the correct directory:
cd ..
./configure --prefix=/u/ce/ugrad/olaughli/coreutils-7.6/coreutilsinstall
make install

./configure sets up the file for compilation by configuring the correct files
and checking that everything needed to build the application is in place

make  --compiles the source code but normally requires external libraries
afer this the application specific executables are created

make install  -- moves the application files to the correct directories
This has to be done after make because the executables are created.

i typed in ls -l in linux to obtain the correct date display.
In orded to get the incorrect display, i typed:

cd coreutils-7.6
cd coreutilsinstall
ls
cd bin
./ls -l   <--runs the ls executable in bin

This produces the incorrect output format of the date displayed as:
2015-10-15 

In order to apply the patch I found the source file in the src directory.
I then used vim in order to modify the ls.c file. I applied the patch by 
removing and adding the lines specified.

In the base directory I ran the "make" command 

The output from running "make" in the source directory was the following
(excluding entering and leaving notifications):

make  all-recursive  #wants to run on all necessary files
Making all in lib
make  all-recursive
Making all in src
make  all-am
  CC     ls.o    #ls is changed, create new object file
  CCLD   dir
  CCLD   vdir
  CCLD   ls

Making all in doc
Making all in man

  GEN    dir.1
  GEN    vdir.1
  GEN    ls.1
	    
  Making all in po
  Making all in tests
  Making all in gnulib-tests
  make  all-recursive

make all-recursive, recusively checks all of the files in order to see if
they should be re-compiled. Those that were not dependent on coreutils did 
not have to be re-compiled, however those that were dependent needed
to be recompiled. These included the lib and src folders because this
is where ls resides. I then used ./ls -l again to make sure the formatting
was correct and it was. After this, I made a file with a year old time
stamp by typing 

touch -t 201301251415

I then checked once more that the patch was working properly and
it was.
